# [DONE] Home Page
Buttons with vertical layout
- unGSTfy Label
- Calculate Taxable Value
- Calculate GST Percent
- Currency Converter


# [DONE] Calculating Taxable Value
import re  
pattern = re.compile(r'[0-9.]+')  

amount_with_gst_input_str = str(input())    # Get user input for Total Amount with GST.  
rate_of_gst_input_str = str(input())        # Get user input for GST percent.  

amount_with_gst = amount_with_gst_input_str if amount_with_gst_input_str and re.fullmatch(pattern, amount_with_gst_input_str) else '0.0'    # Validating user input is digits.  
rate_of_gst = rate_of_gst_input_str if rate_of_gst_input_str and re.fullmatch(pattern, rate_of_gst_input_str) else '0.0'                    # Validating user input is digits.  

amount_with_gst = amount_with_gst if amount_with_gst[0] != '.' else '0'+amount_with_gst    # If use input starts with a dot(.) then add 0 in prefix.  
rate_of_gst = rate_of_gst if rate_of_gst[0] != '.' else '0'+rate_of_gst                    # If use input starts with a dot(.) then add 0 in prefix.  

amount_without_gst = (100 * float(amount_with_gst)) / (100 + float(rate_of_gst))  
result = str(round(amount_without_gst, 10))  


# [DONE] Calculating GST percent
import re  
pattern = re.compile(r'[0-9.]+')  

amount_with_gst_input_str = str(input())        # Get user input for Total Amount with GST.  
amount_without_gst_input_str = str(input())     # Get user input for Taxable Value  

amount_with_gst = amount_with_gst_input_str if amount_with_gst_input_str and re.fullmatch(pattern, amount_with_gst_input_str) else '0.0'                # Validating user input is digits.  
amount_without_gst = amount_without_gst_input_str if amount_without_gst_input_str and re.fullmatch(pattern, amount_without_gst_input_str) else '0.0'    # Validating user input is digits.  

amount_with_gst = amount_with_gst if amount_with_gst[0] != '.' else '0'+amount_with_gst                # If use input starts with a dot(.) then add 0 in prefix.  
amount_without_gst = amount_without_gst if amount_without_gst[0] != '.' else '0'+amount_without_gst    # If use input starts with a dot(.) then add 0 in prefix.  

rate_of_gst = ((float(amount_with_gst) / float(amount_without_gst)) - 1) * 100 if float(amount_with_gst) != 0.0 and float(amount_without_gst) != 0.0 else 0.0  
result = str(round(rate_of_gst, 10))  


# [DONE] Currency Converter
Auto calculates when inserted data, two integer box side by side, and just below it are the currency convertion drop downs.  
```
                                    Convert From Value
Value of Convert From     =     ------------------------------    x    EUR exchange of 1 Convert To     =     Value of Convert To
                                EUR exchange of 1 Convert From
```

List of all Currencies: http://api.exchangeratesapi.io/v1/symbols?access_key=012432093fd9fd5a4f33393fee22c95b  
1 value Exchange Rates of all currencies: http://api.exchangeratesapi.io/v1/latest?access_key=012432093fd9fd5a4f33393fee22c95b&base=EUR  

If data not found for today in the sqlite3 database whenever the page loads, then hit the API, save in the DB, if no internet (show user the status of it).

+ **Pseudo Code:**
* Whenever that page of currency conversion loads. Do these:-
* Try to find the sqlite3 DB in local system
* if DB not found create one
* Also when hitting API, API end points mapped to a variable in api.py
    - Have API key in a pastebin raw file which will be fetched in real time
    - if not able to fetch then show currency conversion not available at this moment in GUI label.
    - When API returns a response that response is bound in another variable in models.py of that module. And then used in the controllers.py.
* In sqlite3 db try to locate table for storing available currency list
    - If table not found, create one table,
    - Hit currency list api to fetch data and save in that table, in the format, code: name(code)
    - Each row get or create.
    - If api gives no data or failed, display currency conversion not avaialble at this moment in label.
* Try to fetch data of currency list from the table.
    - If no data fetched show currency conversion down for a while.
    - if data, then fetch it and store in a dict datatype in a variable.
* In sqlite3 try to locate the table which stores today's currency exchange rates for 1 EUR.
    - If table not found, create one table, hit currency exchange rate api to fetch data and save in the table.
* Try to fetch data for currency exchange rate from the table for today's date.
    - If no data fetched show currency conversion down for a while.
    - if data, then store it in a variable in dict datatype for calculation purpose later on
* From combo box when user have chosen any display name, the corresponding code of that display name of currency will be selected from the currency list cache dict. and will be used for calculation purpose as per the formula given above. For both combo boxes.
* Now if user enters in any of the lineedits convert to or from, the calculation will be done according to the formula above and the result will be displayed in the line edit across the user input lineedit and vice versa.
* Also add logic to clear older data.
* setup custom logger and have try:except block and catch errors in the logger file. logger.error(f"An error occurred: {e}", exc_info=True)

# [DONE] Directory watcher for any slight changes, so we can trigger signal. Crossplatform. - RnD repo under Python3

# [TODO] If multiple instances are launched for this application, the first instance will be shown in foreground (Windows, macOS, Linux). Also same for setup file.

# [TODO] Run in Background also Start on Boot (Windows, macOS, Linux)

# [TODO] Converting Py to executable installable (Windows, macOS, Linux)
- Executable and installable on all 3 major platforms (Windows, macOS, Linux)
https://coderslegacy.com/pyinstaller-spec-file-tutorial/    # PyInstaller spec file tutorial  
https://coderslegacy.com/cx_freeze-vs-pyinstaller-comparison/    # cx_freeze vs pyinstaller  
https://coderslegacy.com/nuitka-vs-pyinstaller/    # nuitka vs pyinstaller  
https://coderslegacy.com/better-alternatives-to-pyinstaller/    # pyinstaller alternatives  
https://coderslegacy.com/python-cx_freeze-tutorial/    # cx_freeze tutorial  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFz5kNTRk3g    # py_compile  

# [TODO] ashqtcli:
- Only module generation as of now, project structure generation is in future scope.
- Take command line arguments as user input
  + module to create -> name
  + path -> Take relative path only, like, modules/mainwindow/home, user can enter trailing /.
  + sample cmd: ashqtcli generate module MODULE_NAME modules/mainwindow/home    (there can be / as prefix and suffix in relative path, do handle it.)
